Let's check that the package for our game is being created correctly.
While the game is packing, let's take a look at the changes I made to our files.
In the health component, after the signature declaration, it is better to add a semicolon operator.
The project compiles without a semicolon, but the file formatting may be broken.
Further, when declaring delegate signatures, we will explicitly add the Signature postfix. Then there is a cosmetic change: first
comes the constructor, then the delegates, then the UFINCTION, and then the regular functions. Also added a
Health category for the IsDead function. In the BaseCharacter.h file, I changed the categories for LandedDamageVelocity and LandedDamage.
Within the meaning of these variables, the Damage category is more suitable than the Movement category.
I also added the variable LifeSpanOnDeath, which we have equal to five seconds, so that there is no hardcode.
Added check for PlayerInputComponent.
Let's get the speed through the actor: GetVelocity function
and not through the CharacterMovementComponent, although there is no difference, it's just more concise, less code.
The game was packed successfully, everything works. Please note that we do not see the spheres, because
the DrawDebugSphere function belongs to debug functions and when building the project in the shipping configuration,
this function is simply excluded from the code files, while the ApplyDamage logic works.